[WEB-2177] Glossary (#14024)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/glossary/terms/dogstatsd.md

---
title: DogStatsD
---
DogStatsD refers to two related things: a protocol based on StatsD, and an application for reporting metrics which implements that protocol. The DogStatsD protocol is an extension of the StatsD protocol, with some modifications that are specific to the Datadog platform. The DogStatsD application is a service that is bundled with the Agent, and is used as a lightweight mechanism for reporting metrics.

> See the <a href='developers/dogstatsd'>DogStatsD documentation</a> for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the <a href='/developers/dogstatsd'>DogStatsD documentation</a> for more information.
```
